Titulus  -  CSS3 Library
By Complexity Group

Description
This is the amazing and helpful tool for the easy CSS3 implementation, animations and effects.


Cómo usar

1. Descarga titulus, descomprimelo en la carpeta raíz de tu CSS
2. Declara titulus.css en el <head> de tu archivo .html
3. Declara la clase que desees usar dentro del elemento a aplicar
<!-- Citar ejemplo -->
4. Mira el resultado.


Detalles

Titulus es una librería CSS3 la cual facilita la implementación de estilos
simplificando su uso tan solo declarando clases dentro de las diferentes
etiquetas html.

Dale un vistazo a la sección Demos y declara el titulo del efecto que desees
dentro de la clase que vas a utilizar y así obtendrás el resultado deseado.

Los efectos están divididos en grupos diferenciados por colores, no puedes
utilizar dos clases que pertenezcan al mismo grupo de colores ya que 
causarán conflicto.

Actualmente no todos los navegadores soportan las propiedades CSS3, 
por esta razón cada ejemplo irá acompañado de información acerca de los 
navegadores que soportan cada clase.

Esta es una librería en desarrollo y de libre uso donde se irán implementando
nuevos estilos y funcionalidades.







How to use

1. Download and unzip Titulus in the CSS root folder
2. Declare titulus.css in your head tag of the .html file
3. Declare the class you wish to use into the tag to apply
<!-- Citar ejemplo -->
4. Look at the powa!


Details

Titulus is a CSS3 library that provides an easier styles implementation, simplifying 
its use just by calling the class into any HTML tag.

Check the Demos page and copy the title of the example which is the name of the class to use
to get the result you want.

The effects are split into colored groups, but you can't use two classes of the same colored group
because they will conflict with each other(not compatible).

Today not all browsers support all of the CSS3 properties, for this reason
every example contain browser support information.

This is an open source library in development which will continue to grow with new style implementations
and functonality.




Titulus Copyrights Complexity Group 2011
Cali, Colombia